Fix small typos in transactions-overview docs (#5947)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/latest/architecture/transactions/transactions-overview.md

## Time synchronization

A transaction in a YugabyteDB cluster may need to update multiple rows that span across nodes in a cluster. In order to be ACID compliant, the various updates made by this transaction should be visible instantaneously as of a fixed time, irrespective of the node in the cluster that reads the update. In order to achieve this, it becomes essential for the nodes of the cluster to agree on a global notion of time.

Getting the different nodes of a cluster to agree on time requires all nodes to have access to a highly available and globally synchronized clock. [TrueTime](https://cloud.google.com/spanner/docs/true-time-external-consistency), used by Google Cloud Spanner, is an example of a highly available, globally synchronized clock with tight error bounds. However, such clocks are not available in many deployments. **Physical time clocks** (or wall clocks) cannot be perfectly synchronized across nodes. Hence they cannot order events (to establish a causal relationship) across nodes.

### Hybrid Logical Clocks

> YugabyteDB uses **Hybrid Logical Clocks**. HLC’s solve the problem by combining physical time clocks that are coarsely synchronized using NTP with Lamport clocks that track causal relationships.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
YugabyteDB uses **Hybrid Logical Clocks (HLCs)**. HLCs solve the problem by combining physical time clocks that are coarsely synchronized using NTP with Lamport clocks that track causal relationships.
```
